docs: add "concepts" page (#16)
meltano/cloud-docs: docs/concepts.md

# Meltano Cloud Concepts

## Meltano Cloud Users

Your Meltano Cloud user account is associated with a GitHub account for single-sign-on. If you do not have a GitHub account, you can create a free account at [github.com](https://github.com).

> **Note**
>

> > During the Private and Public Beta phases, we will be collecting feedback from users regarding the login and account creation experience overall. Post-GA, we plan to offer SAML as a premium feature for Enterprise users. If you have a use case to support alternate forms of login besides GitHub auth and SAML (e.g. GitLab, or user/password auth), please let your account manager know or log an issue in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/meltano/cloud-docs/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> During the Private and Public Beta phases, we will be collecting feedback from users regarding the login and account creation experience overall. Post-GA, we plan to offer SAML on Cloud. If you have a use case to support alternate forms of login besides GitHub auth and SAML (e.g. GitLab, or user/password auth), please let your account manager know or log an issue in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/meltano/cloud-docs/issues).
```

Author: 👍

> ## Meltano Cloud Organizations

Reviewer: The more I think about it, the more I like organizations. It's pretty clear what it represents and there's lots of prior art for it (https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/cloud-platform-resource-hierarchy)

Your Meltano Cloud Organization is the top-level entity associated with your payment info. Each organization will be issued a unique billing account number.

> **Note**
>
> Meltano Cloud Organizations should not be confused with GitHub Organizations (or "GitHub Orgs"). Each Meltano Cloud Organization can include projects from multiple GitHub Orgs.
>
> Meltano Cloud users grant access to specific public and private repositories using the standard GitHub App authorization flow.

## Meltano Cloud Projects

A "Cloud Project" is any Meltano project you have registered on Meltano Cloud. The project definition consists of a git repo and a relative project directory within the git repo.

> ## Meltano Cloud Environments (aka "Deployments")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Meltano Cloud Deployments
```

What do you think about just sticking with Deployment here? Mixing in environment again just feels clunky.

Reviewer 2: Maybe "Deployed Environments" would be ideal? It's fairly clear as to what this means both to a Meltano user and a newcomer.

Reviewer: Maybe... I'm still hestiant though b/c it's not just a deployed environment - it's a deployed environment with a specific git branch/sha.

Author: I've updated the language here to use "Deployment" more consistently. Will commit and push momentarily.

Within each Cloud Project, you can deploy zero or more named [Meltano Environments](https://docs.meltano.com/concepts/environments) to Meltano Cloud. Internally, we often refer to these as "deployments" since they are isolated environments deployed to the Cloud.

> Each Cloud Environment Deployment must specify the environment name to deploy and the git branch to use when tracking project updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Cloud Deployment must specify the environment name to deploy and the git branch to use when tracking project updates.
```

Author: ✅

> **Note**
>
> All operations that perform compute require a deployed environment - including: ad-hoc job execution, EL pipelines, scheduled tasks, etc.

## Meltano Cloud Schedules

> Schedules within Meltano Cloud map directly to schedules defined in `meltano.yml`. However, in Meltano Cloud, each schedule starts off disabled by default, and each schedule is enabled or disabled on a per-environment basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schedules within Meltano Cloud map directly to schedules defined in `meltano.yml`. However, in Meltano Cloud, each schedule starts off disabled by default, and each schedule is enabled or disabled on a per-Deployment basis.
```

Author: 👍

# Meltano Cloud Concepts

## Meltano Cloud Users

Your Meltano Cloud user account is associated with a GitHub account for single-sign-on. If you do not have a GitHub account, you can create a free account at [github.com](https://github.com).

> **Note**
>
> During the Private and Public Beta phases, we will be collecting feedback from users regarding the login and account creation experience overall. Post-GA, we plan to offer SAML as a premium feature for Enterprise users. If you have a use case to support alternate forms of login besides GitHub auth and SAML (e.g. GitLab, or user/password auth), please let your account manager know or log an issue in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/meltano/cloud-docs/issues).

## Meltano Cloud Organizations

Your Meltano Cloud Organization is the top-level entity associated with your payment info. Each organization will be issued a unique billing account number.

> **Note**
>
> Each Meltano Cloud Organization can be mapped to zero or more GitHub organizations. See [Meltano Project Groups](#meltano-project-groups-and-github-orgs) below for more information.

## Meltano Project Groups and "GitHub Orgs"

> Within each Meltano Cloud Organization, you can authorize Meltano Cloud to access your GitHub organizations. Internally, we refer to these as Meltano Cloud "project groups". Projects within a project group may share certain aspects, such as shared encryption/decryption keys and a shared set of role-based access permissions.

Author: I removed all references to "Project Groups", instead adding a notes section that just clarifies that GitHub Orgs and Meltano Cloud Organizations are not 1:1.

> Within each Meltano Cloud Organization, you can authorize Meltano Cloud to access your GitHub organizations. Internally, we refer to these as Meltano Cloud "project groups". Projects within a project group may share certain aspects, such as shared encryption/decryption keys and a shared set of role-based access permissions.

Reviewer 2: But we still plan to implement groups as a means of organization right? Will we update the docs once that feature has been implemented?

## Meltano Cloud Projects

A "Cloud Project" is any Meltano project you have registered on Meltano Cloud. The project definition consists of a git repo and a relative project directory within the git repo.

## Meltano Cloud Environments (aka "Deployments")

Within each Cloud Project, you can deploy zero or more named [Meltano Environments](https://docs.meltano.com/concepts/environments) to Meltano Cloud. Internally, we often refer to these as "deployments" since they are isolated environments deployed to the Cloud.

Each Cloud Environment Deployment must specify the environment name to deploy and the git branch to use when tracking project updates.

> **Note**
>
> All operations that perform compute require a deployed environment - including: ad-hoc job execution, EL pipelines, scheduled tasks, etc.

## Meltano Cloud Schedules

> Schedules within Meltano Cloud map directly to schedules defined in `meltano.yml`. However, in Meltano Cloud, each schedule starts off disabled by default, and should be enabled and disabled on a per-environment basis.

Author: Updated to be more explicit. 👍
